Shengnuan
Long time no see
Where have you been all these years?
Me, my life is still a mother
It's this year's post-mortem sleep
Looks like time is coming to an end today
You said you and your aunt don't contact us either.
I didn't expect you to become an assistant
warm
You can come and be my assistant if you want
You probably can't afford me.
Hey, you're still so stubborn to go
The appearance of this small courtyard is quite suitable for the characters of Acha
Will he be Zhao Yingzi?
What is he?
A little juka with 18 lines
Also worthy of robbing me
Come on. Let's go in.
This audition for the Alliance of Evolvers
I'm going to win.
Miss Sheng, you are really excellent.
But it's a pity
The character of Acha
We already have a more suitable candidate
Miss M
Miss Abbey, it's so nice of you to come and see me
Long time no see, Miss Mai Ren
You also brought us such a suitable candidate
That's the screenwriter of the League of Evolvers?
So Miss Zhao
We agreed that
You are a perfect fit for the role of Ah Cha
Mr. Doric will be here soon, please wait a moment, thank you
Thanks.
Moon River
What are you doing here?